[Autogenerated] Now that we know this app does indeed work
when running inside a docker container,
it's time to send the container to the cloud.
Well, that's not really quite how it works.
The container is a running instance of the image,
so we'll send the image to the cloud and let AWS fargate take care of
spinning up in managing the container instances.
But it's always the same image.
So wherever Docker is running an instance of the image,
it's always the same exact thing.
An image with the A S P net core runtime,
including the Kestral server and my S P Net core application.
The image has everything it needs to run the up wherever we send it to.
The tool kit has a wizard that will walk you through
some configurations for the deployment, and then when you trigger the publish,
it will send those settings to fargate,
which responds by creating all the resource is defined by those settings.
Then, back on your computer,
the toolkit will push your docker image to the E C R.
And then fargate will provision and manage containers from that image so
we'll start by running the wizard provided by the toolkit start by right
clicking on the project and this time notice there's an option above the
published A Beanstalk item that we used earlier.
It's published Container to AWS.
This doesn't say anything about using Fargate,
but that comes as an option in this wizard.
You'll be filling out a few pages of configurations,
which will go through slowly in the next clip.
Most of them will already default to the correct options.
I know the first time I did this it felt like a bit of an effort,
but that was because everything was new and I wanted to
know what each and every option was for.
But now that I've done it many times, for me it does seem like a breeze, so hopefully that'll be your experience as well.